IBX-5317 - Order search clauses and sort queries (#1949)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/search/criteria_reference/order_company_associated_criterion.md

---
description: IsCompanyAssociated Criterion
edition: commerce
---

# Order IsCompanyAssociated Criterion

The `IsCompanyAssociatedCriterion` Search Criterion searches for orders based on whether the customer represents a business company.

## Arguments

> - `value` - bool that represents whether the customer represents a business company

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `value` - boolean that defines whether the customer represents a business company
```
or
```suggestion
- `value` - boolean that shows whether the customer represents a business company
```
